If you're consistently posting on
LinkedIn and your posts are stuck under
a hundred likes, here are six things you
could do to fix that. I've built my own
LinkedIn to over 45,000 followers. My
agency, Compound, manages content for
over 30 B2B founders and we publish over
150 content assets per week. And from
all that experience, I've learned how to
get more traction on your post than
you've ever seen and pretty much get
likes and engagement on demand. So, by
the end of this video, you'll have a
clear framework to diagnose what's wrong
with your content and actually start
getting traction. Now, the first
principle here is you actually want to
be careful about overoptimizing for
engagement. You see a lot of LinkedIn
gurus and personal branding gurus try to
tell you how to get more likes in your
content when at the end of the day, what
I always tell my clients is we're trying
to get you customers, not make you a
celebrity. With that said, you need to
get more distribution and the
impressions and engagement on your
content does matter, but you also need
to be careful not to go so far in the
direction of overoptimizing for likes,
over optimizing for impressions that you
lose the plot entirely on what you're
actually trying to do on LinkedIn. Cuz
the easiest way to get more likes on
LinkedIn is just make super hot takes
that are broad and appeal to a wide
variety of people. But a lot of times
that content isn't actually relevant to
your business. So you want to be careful
about playing that game. And for you to
understand what good engagement looks
like, you got to understand what space
you're playing in. So if you're in
marketing tech or sales tech or
targeting other founders, for example,
all of those audiences are very active
on LinkedIn. They spend a lot of time on
the platform and they also post and
engage a lot on the platform. So if
you're selling to people in those
categories, you're going to have an
easier time getting a lot of likes and
impressions on your content. If you're
selling into a more niche category like
developer tools or procurement or it a
lot of times those people while they're
on LinkedIn there's less of them there
and also the ones that are on the
platform tend to lurk more than actually
engage or post content. So therefore the
engagement on the content for those
clients tends to be a bit lower
especially for more niche specific
topics. Now the second way to get more
engagement is include more photos with
your content across the board. If I look
across our dozens and dozens of clients
at Compound, the winning media format is
in real life photos that are related to
the copy of the post. So, for example,
if you're doing a team member highlight,
you want to include a photo of you with
that team member. If you're doing an
origin story post, you want to include a
photo from the early days. Having a real
life photo is one of the best ways to
increase engagement without changing
anything else. There are a few reasons
why you want to include people in your
photos. One, think of them like YouTube
thumbnails. It's well known at this
point that the YouTube thumbnails with
someone's face in them tend to perform
better. something about it helps to stop
the scroll and get people engaged. Also,
with the photos on the timeline, one of
the reasons why they work so well to
increase engagement is that they just
take up more screen real estate and they
can also serve as a second visual hook.
So, if those one to three lines in the
text don't actually hook the viewer, you
have another opportunity with the image
that you use. My recommendation for
founders here is to turn your office
into a set. Especially if you're a tech
company that works in person in San
Francisco or New York, if you have an
office, turn that office into a set.
Make sure you have your marketing person
or even just someone on your team. Take
photos of you in meetings. Take B-roll
footage. The more of a backlog you have
of that stuff, the better off you're
going to be. The third tip I've got for
you is to pair every take with a story.
The reality is in 2026 and going
forward, value content alone is dead.
Five tips to XYZ not going to work. The
reason for this is that Claude and other
AI tools have pretty much commoditized
generic valueoriented content. With the
right prompt, you can produce a LinkedIn
post that's pretty passible that is
educational, but it can't replicate your
stories. AI cannot replicate your origin
story or stories that you've picked up,
an experience that you've picked up
building your company or in your
previous career. So, you want to lean
into those in your content. And you can
and should still do valueoriented
content. It's just very important that
you pair those tips and those takes with
unique stories. So for example, if I was
selling an AI tool to enterprise sales
folks and I'm a founder, I had been an
enterprise salesperson in my previous
career. Instead of doing a post on, hey,
here's how to close your first
enterprise deal, which is not a terrible
hook. Actually, how it would make that
even stronger is pairing that
valueoriented premise with a story. So I
might share the story of how I closed my
first enterprise deal or even better
mistakes that I made when trying to
close enterprise deals as an enterprise
salesperson. Writing from your lived
experience will always outperform
sharing generic tips and tricks. This
has always been true, but in the past,
it had been more of a luxury that only
the best creators use the strategy. Now,
it's not a luxury. You have to do this
if you want a chance to stand out on a
very crowded timeline. Also, if you want
to get a ton of engagement right away,
what I'd recommend you do after watching
this video is write up your origin story
post. Sharing the story of how and why
you started your company if you haven't
shared it already is a great way to get
people engaged on LinkedIn. This is
consistently the highest performing
piece of content that most of our
clients post on their profile. And we
always start with this because it is
such a high performing asset. So if you
haven't shared your origin story, do
that. And if you have, but it's been
some time, consider reposting it. Now,
the origin story is actually only one of
several post formats that we see work
well consistently across our clients.
And I compiled a list of five of them
with templates that you could use right
away. And I'm giving it away completely
for free. If you want access to those
templates, just click the link in the
description, enter your email, and I'll
send them over to you. We've used these
to generate millions of impressions
across our client accounts. Now, fourth
up on my list of how to troubleshoot low
engagement is to stop filtering
yourself. If you're a founder, you're
likely trying to play it safe on the
timeline because you want to be careful
not to alienate potential buyers. You
don't want to piss people off. But if
you look at a lot of the best creators
on LinkedIn and the best founders who
are content creators on LinkedIn,
they're not afraid to be polarizing.
They share their real honest hot takes.
If you look through my account, I'm not
afraid to share what I actually think
because in the same way that value
content is pretty much dead thanks to
AI. So are generic, sterile takes. And
if you're not going to actually share
your real opinions, you're going to have
a hard time standing out on the
timeline. And you're going to be stuck
with two, three, four, maybe five likes
on every post. Whenever I share this
advice, founders get nervous because
they don't want to come across as overly
dramatic or extremist. And you don't
have to be extremist. I'm not saying to
go and share your wildest opinions to
the public. Look at it more like a
spectrum. On one end, you have a
complete extremist who's just polarizing
for polarization's sake. And on the
other end of the spectrum, you have a
complete square who is unable to share
any of their opinions. And you want to
find that sweet spot where you're
polarizing enough to get attention, but
not so polarizing that you make a fool
of yourself. My recommendation here is
to take whatever you're going to post on
LinkedIn and turn the polarization dial
up by about 20%. That'll get you far
enough that you're going to get
attention, but it won't take you so far
that you're going to have to ruin your
reputation. I don't want you to sell
your soul to get LinkedIn impressions.
That's not worth it. And again, that
goes back to what we were talking about
earlier in the video of you want to play
the right game. But in 2026, one of the
best moes you have for your content is
just actually having a spine. Fifth up
on my list is a super simple one, but
I'm surprised constantly by how many
people screw this up, and it's timing.
There's not a specific best time of day
to post on LinkedIn. And despite how
many people will publish reports of the
LinkedIn algorithm, how they spoke to
someone at LinkedIn, you let them know
how the algorithm works. The reality is,
it kind of depends. But broadly
speaking, you're going to give yourself
the best chance of success if you post
somewhere in midm morning local time. So
what I recommend in most cases to
founders that we work with is 9 to 11:00
a.m. local time is going to put you in a
pretty good spot. That's going to put
you in a position where enough people
are going to be active on LinkedIn at
that time that your post is going to
have a good chance to get momentum early
on. And that early momentum drives a lot
of later post performance. There have
been some tweaks on LinkedIn lately
where before those first 30 minutes
mattered greatly. Now, they still
matter, but I have seen posts pick up
traction later on where they started off
slow. It's a little bit hit or miss, but
broadly speaking, if you get more
engagement in that first 30 minutes to
an hour, your post is likely going to do
better. And the way you set yourself up
to do that along with the other tactics
we've talked about in this video is by
posting at a time where a lot of your
target audience is active on LinkedIn.
So, the recommendation is 9 to 11:00
a.m. local time on weekdays. If you have
a big launch coming up or an
announcement, like you're announcing a
fundraising round, I would do that on a
weekday, likely Monday through Thursday.
You can post on weekends with some
success. Same thing applies. I generally
post mornings on on weekends if you're
going to do that. I wouldn't go Saturday
night. Would not go Sunday night. And
even in the evenings on weekdays tends
to be a bit dark. That's how I approach
timing for LinkedIn. And it's an easy
way to troubleshoot post performance if
you're posting at these random times
when nobody's online. Now, number six on
my list of ways to troubleshoot low
engagement on LinkedIn is to pay special
attention to the hook of your content.
So, what is the hook? The hook is those
first one to three lines of your post.
anything before that little see more
button. And your entire goal is to get
someone who's scrolling the timeline to
stop scrolling, read those first one to
three lines and have them so interested
that they want to click see more to read
the rest of the content. So much great
content gets buried beneath bad hooks
and this ruins a lot of people's content
performance. And the way you approach
hooks is actually quite simple. How I
teach my team at Compound to write
strong hooks is you want to use specific
levers. There are copyrightiting tactics
that you can include in those first one
to three lines that are going to
increase the chance of that hook getting
someone's attention. These are levers
like negativity bias, using specific
numbers and metrics, using a storybased
hook, leaning into a trending topic, or
in other words, trendjacking,
credibility jacking, which is kind of
related to trendjacking, but that's more
evergreen listicles that create an open
loop because someone needs to read the
entire list to satisfy their curiosity.
And a lot of the time, okay hooks will
have one lever, maybe two. Bad hooks
just have none. people to skip over them
and wonder why nobody cares about their
content. But people will include like
one hook lever, like have a super simple
listicle or a super simple hot take that
has some negativity bias in it and they
can do okay, but the best hooks on
LinkedIn have a combination of two to
four hook levers in those first one to
three lines. You want to make that hook
extremely dense with hook levers to give
yourself the best chance of getting
someone hooked in. Okay, so take this
hook for example. AI tools like Claude
are making writers nervous in some
cases, rightfully so. Yet, tech
companies themselves are still desperate
for strong writers. Here are a few ways
to place yourself among them. So, there
are a few different levers I used. One,
trendjacking. So, AI and Claude in
particular is a trending topic in my
category nowadays. Two, there's
negativity bias. I'm kind of leaning
into that worry that people have around
AI replacing them without being overly
dramatic. And then three, I included a
listicle. And it's not as obvious here
cuz it's not saying here's five tips to
X Y or Z, but this little line here are
a few ways to place yourself among them
implies that there is a list. So it gets
people curious to want to click see
more. You want to take the same approach
in your content. If you're not thinking
about hooks with this level of
intention, that's likely the first place
that I would start in troubleshooting
that low engagement on your content.
Now, all six of these methods will help
you get more likes and build a bigger
audience. But the LinkedIn game is
changing constantly. And if you want to
understand the bigger picture and get a
better idea of where the platform is
actually headed in 2026, click this
video right here. And that when I break
down the fundamental shifts that are
happening on LinkedIn right now and
exactly what it means for you. I'll see
you over there.